You have advanced lung cancer
Should I be admitted to the hospital as soon as possible?
advanced lung cancer
Lymph nodes have occurred
Surgery cannot eradicate
The best way is radiation, chemotherapy and unplugged treatment
How long can I live?
Without treatment
Is there any way to hurry up?
Oh, thank you kindly.
Lin Fang
Where did you die in the morning?
Don't cook
To starve us
Hey
You beg for a bucket and you will get up soon.
You'd better get the meal ready before they come out
I went to the hospital this morning. Why?
If you are sick, do you want our whole family to provide for you?
Lin Feng, don't forget your identity
You're just a door-to-door son-in-law
Hurry up and go cook wow dad
I'm really sick.
And it's serious
Shit, we don't know you yet.
Talking likes to exaggerate that the wife is lazy
I'll tell you what.
If you don't cook now
Then the consequences will be serious
Lin Feng, are you interesting?
I have this excuse every time I don't want to cook
I'm tired of hearing it.
I'm really sick.
advanced lung cancer